---
layout: post
title:  "Day 40 - Concerts on the Square"
date:   2022-06-29 18:00:00 -0500
categories: phase3
---

I had a nice thought today, a reflection about my sabbatical time. This extra time has felt like I already had a full summer.
Like a full summer of relaxing, enjoying the good weather, doing the things that are normally reserved for the weekends.Maybe
the sabbatical wasn't as transformative or action-packed as it could have been. But it feels like it was a huge opportunity
and a luxurious abundance of time. And the best part is that even when I go back to work, I have 2 more months of good weather
to enjoy.

Side note about weather - the midwest gets way too cold for way too long, most people would agree. The old solution for this
was to move to some place like California or Colorado. Some place tolerable year round, without being crazy hot in the summer
time like Arizona. But now with global warming, the southwest US is running out of water quite quickly, and there is no reason
to think things will get better. This doesn't leave a lot of good options. Pacific northwest is getting more forest fires.
Florida is too hot in the summer, has a myriad of socio-political issues, and a good chunk of it might be underwater soon.
What does that leave? Georgia? The Carolinas? With impending issues related to water and the fact I don't want to live amongst
conservatives, it seems like staying in the Great Lakes area might be as good a place as any.

* 0700 - slept in
* 0900 - had breakfast. Cassie took the day off so we could hang out, so we spent a few minutes talking about what we wanted
to do with our day. We decided to go to the zoo. Shortly after that we realized we forgot that we also needed to take my car in
for detailing. 
* 0930 - dropped the car off for detailing, _tried_ to go to the zoo. Even right at 10, when the zoo opened, place was packed.
No parking. So we decided to bail. Ended up going home and decided to re-jig our day. We decided we'd camp out at home for a bit,
grab an early lunch, then get a boat first thing in the afternoon. I did some reading to pass the time - started a new book,
"The Kaiju Preservation Society." Cassie picked up this book based on a recommendation from someone else, but
coincidentally it happens to be written by one of my favorite authors, [John Scalzi](https://whatever.scalzi.com/). 
* 1130 - drove out to the Edgewater Hotel, which has a casual restaurant attached. Had a quick lunch
* 1200 - got sun screen on, grabbed our gear, and headed to Brittingham to rent a paddle boat. Boated and swam around for about
2 hours. 
* 1500 - drove up to the capital square to put down our blanket and chair for Concerts on the Square. COTS is one of those
summer activities where you drink and eat tasty snacks, and the music is a backdrop (at least for people like me).
* 1600 - went and picked up my car from the detailing place. Shiny!
* 1700 - did a couple quick chores and played some video games to pass the time
* 1800 - made caprese sandwiches for dinner (for COTS)
* 1845 - walked up to the capital square for COTS
* TBD
