---
layout: post
title:  "Day 36 - Rain day"
date:   2022-06-25 18:00:00 -0500
categories: phase3
---

I knew it was going to be a rainy day, but I welcomed it as an excuse to continue staying out of the sun for awhile. I
got up around 0700, hopped in the car, and went to a local grocery store. This is one of my weirder breakfast routines.
I really like grocery store bakery products. But there's rarely a reason to go buy a single slice of chocolate cake, or
a single eclair, or whatever. So I go buy one for breakfast some times. There is a Cargo Coffee conveniently located
next door to one of the downtown grocery stores. So I drive to the grocery store, buy some one-off bakery item, walk
over to the coffee shop, and boom - a breakfast fit for kings. Because of the rain, I took my royal breakfast home and
ate it while I wrapped up one of the movies I was watching yesterday.

I was about 3 days behind on blogs posts at this point, so I spent about 90 minutes remembering and writing as much as
I could. It's still kind of magic how much I do and don't remember. I don't think my memory is getting signicantly
better from writing, but I do think writing stream of conscious is good for my mental health. I'm not sure that it's
quite the same thing as "flow state" but it's automatic enough that I feel some parts of my brain relaxing, some parts
working harder than they otherwise might. I read something recently that doing something only for the intrinsic value
of doing it (like making art you'll immediately dispose of, or writing a journal no one will ever read) is the real
core of "flow state." The article was saying that paid work is rarely compatible with flow state, because you're always,
at least subconsciously, doing the work for the extrinsic rewards (the paycheck). Making this blog has been
therapeutic in that way. Sometimes I resent it, because it feels like one more task, one more thing I _have to do_. But
once I start writing it's usually calming.

While I was getting ready to do some writing, I stumbled across a book about meditation that I bought and never started
reading. This got me thinking about how well I use my time in general. Going into the sabbatical, I wanted to get the
most out of my time without over-pressuring myself to be productive. I wanted to experience time affluence and see how
it felt, how I would react to it. As I'm nearing the end of my sabbatical, I'm starting to feel the time crunch again
and thinking about how there's so much more I could do. On one hand, most of what I've done is pretty normal and could
be done _in addition_ to working a job. The one exception to this was the 2 week vacation to Europe. But everything else
 - having lazy coffee runs, playing basketball in the park, reading, meditating, going for bike rides - these can all
fit in a normal schedule. Being on sabbatical made some things easier to schedule, and certainly created an abundance
of opportunities for these kinds of activities, but having 45 days off in a row wasn't strictly necessary. This _should_
be great news.

But another part of my mind is still anxious, worried about how to best use my remaining sabbatical time as
well as how I'll find times for these things once I'm working again. But it boils down to unreasonable anxiety. There's
no logical reason to be worried about either of those things. I'm going to spend some time reflecting on this.
