---
layout: post
title:  "Day 27 - Partiers and the vomitorium"
date:   2022-06-16 18:00:00 -0500
categories: phase2
---

Day 27 was a bit hectic. We had a flight to Mallorca from Milan, there had been some strikes and labor issues
at Italian airports, and this flight only happens once per day. So there was a lot of pressure to not only catch this
flight, but also get to the airport early enough to improve the probability that our checked luggage would make it too.

Rushed breakfast at the hotel. Hate eating rushed, would almost rather not eat. Out of the hotel, on and off the Zermatt-Tasch
train, and in our car by 10. Drove 3 hours to the Milan airport with only minor issues. Finding the car rental return was a
bit of a SNAFU, but Cassie figured it out pretty quickly.

The airport itself was fine. Boarding the airplane was painful - they had us line up at the gate only to then stand in the
boarding ramp for 30 minutes, and then walk out to the tarmac and plane. The flight was a bit rowdy with partiers but otherwise
pretty standard. About 90 minutes later we were in Palma (city on the island of Mallorca) getting our car, and on the way to our
hotel.

Side note - if anyone were to read this particular post, this would be boring as shit. However when I started this post
(two days after the fact) I couldn't remember any details. After writing a bit, I'm recalling a lot. So this is a good exercise
for my memory.

By the time we got settled in the room it was already pretty late, so we looked for dinner. Finding vegetarian food limited us a bit
and ironically we ended up going to an Italian joint. This restaurant was on the beachfront and gave us some impressions of the area.
This place is a PARTY spot, like Miami or Vegas. Lots of bachelor/ette parties, people shit faced at 2000. Now there's nothing wrong
with partiers, these are my people. It was just a bit of a surprise. I expected there would be clubs and some EDM scenes like Ibiza,
but our hotel was right on the edge of a rougher party scene. Partying wasn't our speed that night, but I enjoyed the energy. It was
a good contrast from all the septuagenarians we had been hanging out with in Italy and Switzerland.

We decided to crash a little early so we could wake up early for our boat rental the next day.

Unrelated reflection - at some point on the vacation, all the rich eating became more of a problem than a luxury. I wasn't sick or
anything, but I was just so full all the time. I'd start a meal with hopes of having a beer or dessert, but would be stuffed before I
finished the first course. This reminded me of the scene in Hunger Games when the characters learn about vomitoriums. I felt gluttonous
not because of social pressure or anything extrinsic, I just felt excess. So I'm taking a mental note that even if I could, even with some
of the best food I've ever had, temperance is still more satisfying. Everything is better in small doses.

Sadly I don't think there are any good pictures from this day.
