---
layout: post
title:  "Day 2 - Naps"
date:   2022-05-22 18:17:00 -0500
categories: phase1
---

Day 2 of 45 is in the books. Weather was chilly again (high of 59), but sunny. Didn't sleep well, allergies are still bad, led to more of a
low energy day.

* 0700 - slept in a bit, got ready for the day
* 0730 - meditated for 30 mins, using a [guided meditation on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vx8iUvfyCY&t=1613s). Felt like a
significant session. Felt effortless, very relaxing.
* 0800 - Duolingo lesson for 30 minutes. Learned phrases like "¿por que te pusiste rojo cuando te dió un abrazo?"
* 0830 - light exercise - ad lib yoga, pushups, bicep curls
* 0900 - sat in the sun on the patio, debatied on going for a walk or playing basketball
* 0930 - decided it was too cold, played video games instead
* 1000 - looked at some recipes. Helped with grocery shopping online. Decided I was too hungry, broke down and had a slice of leftover
pizza to hold me over until lunch
* 1100 - hung out on the patio with Cassie, played videogames
* 1200 - cooked and ate pizza for lunch. Ate too much!
* 1300 - cancelled our boat, read a bit and took a nap instead
* 1530 - went to pick up groceries. Normal groceries, nothing special for sabbatical
* 1630 - yoga
* 1700 - showered
* 1800 - helped cook some risotto, had dinner
* 1900 - called my mom
* 2000 - watched TV with Cassie
* 2200 - writing this post!


I didn't get out enough today, but still did some exercise and Duolingo. Hoping this was a low energy fluke, and that I'll have a more
productive day tomorrow. Nothing photo-worthy today.
