---
layout: post
title:  "Day 14 - Payday"
date:   2022-06-03 18:00:00 -0500
categories: phase1
---


* 0730 - went on a half mile walk, picked up coffee. Drank my coffee at home and ate the last muffin for breakfast. Also inflated the tires
on Cassie's new bike, and returned the bike pump to our neighbor friends
* 0800 - played video games while working on filling my Kindle and tablet up with content for my upcoming travels
* 0900 - cleaned up some old emails, went through some new movie and book suggestions for new ideas. Got an alert that today is payday!
It's easy to stay relaxed and live a retiree lifestyle when you still have a full time salary coming in. Going to reflect later today on
how I might feel differently if I were no longer working
* 1000 - started reading "Blink" by Malcom Gladwell outside on the patio. Enjoyed all of the sun but eventually got too hot
* 1100 - finished watching "Black Mass" then worked on this blog
* 1200 - lunch!
* 1300 - ran a few errands with Cassie
* 1500 - rode our bikes to brittingham park, played basketball, and did some reading
* 1600 - 
* 1700 - 
* 1800 - made a frozen pizza for dinner
* 1900 - watched a movie with Cassie


My sabbatical is roughly one third done, so I'm taking this opportunity to reflect and measure results so far
* I haven't been active on rainy days, but have been active for multiple hours when there's good weather. Overall I'm
happy with how much exercise and outdoors time I'm getting on sabbatical. I originally envisioned more exercise, but I've
hit my stated goal
* I've completed 2.5 hours of time with my Spanish tutor, so I'm well on my way to exceed my original goal of ten thirty minute
sessions. I think I may have under committed to this goal, and it might take significantly more practice to make a noticeable improvement
* Other than approving a couple of PRs and pairing briefly with my brother for fun, I've stayed away from computers and software
topics. I have been having some pain in my right arm which I assumed was carpal tunnel but I am still having some pain. I'm
assuming this is coming from using my phone or video games. So I can't blame that issue on work anymore
* Hypothesis 1 - retired life is great. This theory has been well supported. I've been staying busy most days. I haven't felt like
I was wandering without purpose. On the contrary, with the extra breathing room, I feel I've had better insight into purpose and meaning then
normal. Fortunately these insights won't disappear when the sabbatical is over. I get the sense that I would keep working in retirement but would seek out
simpler jobs, something more hands on, something that requires moving in time and space.
* Hypothesis 2 - my anxiety is strictly work related. Mixed results. I definitely feel less anxious without the day to day concerns from my job.
The only stress I've felt is when thinking about returning to work, or how/when I'll ultimately be able to retire. But not working is not a silver bullet
for all psychological problems. I'm still anxious about the state of the world, climate change, all the existential crises. It's still possible to feel blue
even though you're on paid vacation. So ultimately I think working less, or managing work stress better, would significantly improve my overall well-being
